In the rural central New York town of Camden, a new "Recovery Cafe" provides shared 
meals and a productive, safe space for the community.
About an hour northeast of Syracuse, the cafe, hosted at the Camden Life Center, serves 
those struggling with matters like addiction, grief and loss in the area, according to its 
mission statement. A needs assessment and program evaluation research project led by 
Syracuse University professors in social work indicated the need for The Recovery Cafe.
"The Recovery Cafe is meant to serve everybody# it's an opportunity for people to get 
together that need support in anything, and being able to do that as a community," said 
Jessica Perusse, the center's founder and director.
The two professors - Kenneth Marfilius, an associate professor of social work at SU, and 
#iafei Wang, a former professor of social work - worked with Camden Life Center 
employees to collect data by meeting individually with clients, along with community 
partners.
Perusse said she asked Marfilius about working with him to collect data after previously 
working together at the Health Care for Homeless Veterans Program in the Syracuse VA 
Medical Center.
The research analyzed adverse childhood experience scores, which measure the effect 
that childhood trauma has on a person, along with social determinants of health in both 
non-medical and environmental factors, Perusse said.
The results demonstrated a trend of loneliness and its effect on clients' mental health, 
which Perusse said made them come up with the idea for a Recovery Cafe.
With this data, Marfilius and Wang created the cafe's model# a shared meal followed by a 
peer-led discussion. Marfilius said it provides "wraparound, holistic services" with a 
"community, connected atmosphere."
The center received a three-year grant from the Mother Cabrini Health Foundation in 
January. With this funding, the Recovery Cafe launched the same month.
"It's really been an amazing and transformative experience for the Camden community," 
Perusse said.
Currently, the cafe runs out of conference rooms at the Camden Life Center. These 
"recovery circles" meet once a week with two different groups currently running. A typical 
circle meeting starts with a delicious and nutritious meal, Perusse said.
After the meal, a certified peer support specialist leads a discussion about gratefulness, 
intentions, goals, struggles and how the group plans to overcome them. The goal is for 
these groups to be completely peer-led - where Perusse leads one, not as a therapist but 
as a community member, she said.
"When I'm there, I'm not 'Jessica Perusse, therapist.' I am 'Jessica Perusse, mom, wife, 
community member,' and I'm there as a part of that circle, really kind of leaning into that 
peer idea of support," she said.
Certified peer support specialist Misty Severs' journey with the Camden Life Center began 
about three years ago when she went in for counseling. From there, she started to 
volunteer at the center's front desk. When the idea of the Recovery Cafe arose, she was 
interested in getting involved.
"We have kind of become friends, all of us in the group, which has been just wonderful. 
They have definitely helped me feel like I belong to something," Severs, who leads a 
recovery circle, said.
After ## months of operation, Camden members have been consistently coming in and 
really coming together as a community, Perusse said.
Perusse said she's witnessed the once "isolated" recovery members "come back to life." 
She said people who were once nervous in sessions have become more engaged.
With a second round of research in the works, the facilitators have high hopes for the future 
of the Recovery Cafe. They hope to find a dedicated facility to be open throughout the week 
with affordable food options.
"It can be replicated, not just across the state, but across the nation," Marfilius said.
As election day approaches in less than a month, the city of Syracuse will see several races 
for local public offices, including seats for mayor, Syracuse City School District Board of 
Education and the Syracuse Common Council.
Early voting will begin on Oct. ## through Nov. #. Both early voting dates and times, as well 
as general election Nov. # polling places, are available online through the Onondaga 
County Board of Elections.
Oct. ## is also the voter registration deadline, according to the New York State Board of 
Election's website.
The Daily Orange has compiled important dates and candidates on the Nov. # ballot.
Mayoral election
Sharon Owens, Thomas Babilon, Tim Rudd and Alfonso Davis are the four 
mayoral candidates on the ballot. Owens, the city's deputy mayor, won the democratic 
primary, securing her spot as the democratic candidate. She is also running with the 
Working Families Party.
Babilon, the Republican candidate, won the Republican primary uncontested. Rudd and 
Davis are both running as independents.
Owens' platform concentrates on public safety, financial sustainability and education. 
Babilon is also prioritizing public safety and will work with the Syracuse Police Department 
to address gang and drug activity, according to his website.
Both Rudd and Davis said they're focused on integrity, accountability and collaboration in 
their campaigns at a September debate.
As of Sept. ##, Owens had a campaign balance of ####,###, significantly larger than her 
opponents, with Babilon's campaign at ###,### and Rudd's at ####, 
syracuse.com reported.
Davis has not reported funds.
All candidates have agreed to four public debates later this month#
##Oct. ### The first will be held by syracuse.com and aired on WCNY at # p.m.
##Oct. ### CitrusTV will host a debate at Syracuse University's National Veterans 
Resource Center at # p.m.
##Oct. ### The third debate will air on WSYR-TV at # p.m.
##Oct. ### The fourth and final debate will be hosted by Central Current at # p.m.
Board of Education election
There are three openings for commissioners on the SCSD Board of Education. The board 
has seven commissioners in total, each serving four-year terms.
Candidates Twiggy Billue, Karen Cordano and Michael Root are running on the Democratic 
ticket after winning in the primary in June.
Billue and Cordano are incumbents and have secured the Working Families Party spots.
Republican Jason Petrone is also running, along with incumbent Nyatwa Bullock, who has 
started a write-in campaign after losing the Democratic primary.
Common Council election
Rita Paniagua is the only candidate for Common Council president running as a Democrat 
and part of the Working Families Party.
Hanah Ehrenreich and Rasheada Caldwell won the Democratic primary in June for the two 
spots for Common Councilor-at-large. Ehrenreich is also on the Working Families Party 
line.
They are running uncontested and will win the seats unless there's a write-in campaign, 
syracuse.com reported.
All candidates running for district councilor seats are also uncontested.
First district candidate Marty Nave, #rd district candidate Corey J. Williams and #th district 
candidate Patrona Jones-Rowser are all running as Democrats. Second district candidate 
Donna Moore and #th district candidate Jimmy Monto are running on both the Democratic 
and Working Families Party lines.
The general election is on Nov. #.
Get the latest Syracuse news delivered right to your inbox. 
Subscribe to our newsletter here.
Members from the Chancellor Search Committee joined Syracuse University's Student 
Government Association over Zoom on Monday evening.
The position profile will serve as a "job description" of what the committee is looking for in 
candidates and help guide the committee on its search, Shelly Fisher, co-chair of the 
search committee said. Fisher and the rest of the committee already met with students, 
alumni, Syracuse area residents, faculty and staff as it continues its search.
Michael Steck, a representative from Spencer Stuart, the consulting firm aiding in the 
chancellor search, led the presentation by first asking the meeting's attendees what drew 
them to SU.
"It is incredibly useful and additive to hear so many perspectives from different corners and 
aspects of your community," Steck said.
Many students offered their reasons and stories for committing to SU. Derry Oliver, SGA's 
director of mental health advocacy, said she'd been interested in the university since 
eleventh grade and began reaching out to professors and registered student organizations 
long before applying.
Sophomore Alice Jenkins said a specific academic program drew her to SU.
"A big part of why I came here was for the Citizenship and Civic Engagement program," 
Jenkins said. "I think that the interest and the need for majors like that and creating a job 
force with people that have those skills is incredibly important."
The CCE major will no longer be offered for students graduating in #### and later. It will 
only be available as a new minor.
Steck went on to ask what students want the next chancellor to focus on and prioritize.
"I feel like our students need to see who our next leader is going to be, and need to see the 
new chancellor in a more accessible, more approachable light," junior Luis Gomez said. 
"So #students# can feel that their concerns and needs are being not only heard but also 
met."
Before signing off, Fisher told students to submit any nominations for the next chancellor to 
the committee's website.
Members from SU's Community Standards also gave a brief presentation, sharing 
information regarding recent policy updates and leadership opportunities on the University 
Conduct Board.
The campus anti-hazing policy was updated in June for the first time since ####, Director of 
Community Standards Joshua Rich said.
"Times have changed," Rich said. "A federal law passed in December #### finally took 
effect in summer ####, saying all colleges and universities needed to update their hazing 
policies."
At the end of the meeting, two new bills were introduced. The first was for the International 
Student Success office to host an event to help international students better understand 
the application process for jobs in the United States.
The event will guide international students in understanding how U.S. employers operate 
and the types of candidates they're looking to hire. The request is for ###.## from the 
assembly's ###,### budget to provide food for students who attend. The bill will be voted 
on at the next meeting.
The second bill was SGA's Special Programming Allocation motion, which was packaged 
and approved. Ten RSOs had funding approved, three were partially approved and ## were 
denied. Some were denied because the RSO did not fill out the form correctly.
"This week we have put through ###,###.##, last week was around ###,###, so we are 
sitting at around ####,### for the rest of the semester, which is really good," SGA 
Comptroller Alexis Leach said.
SGA will not meet during Fall Break, its next regular meeting will be Oct. ##.
Get the latest Syracuse news delivered right to your inbox. 
Subscribe to our newsletter here.
Editor's note# This article contains mention of violence and antisemitism
Syracuse Jewish organizations held a community memorial Sunday night, honoring the 
two-year anniversary of the Oct. # Hamas-led attacks on Israel. The event welcomed 
several speakers, including family members of victims and a Nova Music Festival survivor.
With about ### people in attendance, the event honored victims of the Oct. # attack 
through song and dance, music, prayer, messages from Jewish community members and 
personal accounts of the attacks. The memorial also included a mini-exhibition with 
photos by Israeli photojournalist Ziv Koren.
The memorial, titled "Remembrance. Resilience. Hope." was organized by The Sam 
Pomeranz Jewish Community Center of Syracuse, Jewish Federation of Central New York 
and End Antisemitism Now.
JCC executive director Marci Erlebacher said the event was a reminder to "never forget" the 
pain and grief caused by the Oct. # attacks, and to try and create a community with less 
hate.
"It's going to be something that we have to commemorate forever," Erlebacher said. 
"Because the minute we forget, the minute we don't remember what happened, then these 
lives are for nothing."
The memorial began with a lighting of memorial candles, followed by a moment of silence 
for the people lost during and after the Oct. # attacks. Erlebacher and Mark Segel, 
president and CEO of the Jewish Federation of CNY, led the candle lighting and encouraged 
attendees to continue to provide support for one another.
"Our support is not just a choice, it's a moral obligation," Segel said.
Megan Coleman, WSTM-TV news anchor, served as the facilitator of the event, introducing 
rabbis and other community members for a series of prayers, performances and speeches.
She said the memorial was a reminder that it's the Jewish community's duty to continue to 
share the stories of victims and give a voice to the ## hostages still in captivity, as of Oct. #.
Marissa Carello and Abby Carello, two attendees, performed a dance to Demi Lovato's 
"Warrior" in honor of Yuval Raphael, a survivor of the attacks and the winner of several 
Israeli music competitions for her performance of the same song.
Ashley Levin, another attendee, gave a speech about Raphael, saying the song embodied 
the resilience of the Israeli spirit in the face of challenges. Raphael's music - especially 
her song "A New Day will Rise" - explored hope after loss and tragedy, Levin said.
Another survivor, an Israel Defense Forces officer whose identity organizers asked to 
protect, was at the Nova Festival as an attendee during the attacks. The speaker gave their 
account, explaining how many of their friends were injured, shot and killed trying to escape.
The survivor was from the Syracuse area and had been a part of the JCC growing up, 
Erlebacher said.
The parents of Hersh Goldberg-Polin also sent a video message, which was played on the 
projector. Hamas held Goldberg-Polin, who was a ##-year-old American-Israeli, for almost 
## months until his body was discovered in a tunnel in August ####.
His mom, Rachel Goldberg-Polin, reminded the audience that there are still ## hostages 
being held by Hamas, only ## of whom are thought to be alive.
She also referenced a quote from Viktor Frankl that Hersh Goldberg-Polin would repeatedly 
tell other hostages during their captivity - "when you have a why, you can bear any how" - 
which became a mantra and a prayer for many of the hostages.
She said she frequently comes back to this phrase while dealing with the grief of losing her 
son and through her work as an American-Israeli activist. Rachel Goldberg-Polin said she 
wonders what that "why" was for Hersh.
After President Donald Trump proposed a ##-point United States peace plan, Hamas 
agreed to some points, including freeing hostages and handing over Gaza governance to 
Palestinian technocrats, but is seeking negotiations on other issues.
Peace talks between Hamas and Israel are set for Monday, and Trump wrote on social 
media that the talks have been "very successful" and urged mediators to "move fast" to 
come to an agreement.
Several community members, including Max Greenky, Grace Dean and Frida Kristal Golan, 
spoke about family members or friends who were victims. Videos and documentaries from 
amputees and survivors were also shared during the memorial.
Golan said ## men and women were killed in Kfar Aza, where she lives, on Oct. #.
"This day turned our lives into continuous mourning and a wound that cannot be healed. 
Since that day, the joy has drained away," Golan said. "The air feels heavy, and every heart 
carries an unending ache for me, for my family, for my kibbutz, life has been shattered."
Toward the beginning of the event, eight community rabbis each gave prayers for Israel. 
Cantors Esa Jaffe, Kari Eglash and Joe Eglash performed the Hatikvah, Israel's national 
anthem, closing out the memorial.
Segel said the event was an opportunity to come together while sharing their grief and pain. 
He said the Oct. # events should never be forgotten, ensuring they never happen again.
"It's essential that we have an understanding of the difference between good and evil," 
Segel said. "And ensure that evil does not survive."
Segel said the Friday terrorist attack at a synagogue in Manchester, England, was a sign 
that nobody's safe, regardless of whether they're Jewish or not. He said that despite 
attending numerous memorials, these events always make him emotional and he doesn't 
see that going away anytime soon.
"We must remain united, strong, hopeful and we must keep asking ourselves why," 
Coleman said. "Why it is so important to have a strong Jewish community, why we must 
remain resilient in the face of rising antisemitism, why Israel is important to us as Jews, and 
why it is so crucial to hold on to the Jewish community in Syracuse." Editor's note# This 
article contains mention of sexual assault and domestic violence.
An uptick in vehicle thefts and a new hazing policy highlight the most significant changes in 
Syracuse University's #### Safety and Security Report.
The report, shared in a Wednesday campus-wide email, complies with The Jeanne Clery 
Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, which requires 
universities to share crime statistics and safety resources annually by Oct. #.
SU's crime data is also available on the United States Department of Education's website.
The Wednesday email, signed by SU Senior Vice President and Chief Student Experience 
Officer Allen Groves and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brett Padgett, 
referred to the report as "one of the many ways" the university shares campus crime data 
and resources.
"We urge you to familiarize yourself with the report's information, resources and services," 
the email said. "And we ask that you be a vigilant partner in our ongoing and collective 
efforts to maintain a safe environment where all our community members can thrive."
Here are some key takeaways from the report#
The data
SU documented ## vehicle thefts in ####, a spike from a reported ## in #### and ## the 
year before. According to the report, the documented rise of motor vehicle thefts in #### 
came from "an increased presence of electric scooters#bikes on campus," referring to 
SU's introduction of Veo, an electric scooter and bike sharing service close to campus.
Electric scooters and bikes are considered motorized vehicles under the Clery Act, the 
report states.
Cases of "dating violence" also increased to ## cases compared to eight in ####, according 
to the report. Domestic violence, however, remains at zero cases as it has for the past three 
years. Reported rape cases dropped from ## in #### to just six in #o##.
While reported liquor law violations - such as underage drinking - have decreased by 
over ### since ####, drug law violations went up from five cases in #### to ## in ####. 
Drug law violations include making, selling, buying, having and using illegal drugs or drug 
paraphernalia.
There were two bias incidents recorded in ####, a notable decrease from four in #### and 
nine in ####.
The report also documents a decrease in Department of Public Safety employees, with 
"more than ### employees" in #### compared to "more than ### employees" in ####.
New hazing policy
The #### report includes a new "overview of hazing policy and procedures" section, which 
outlines the university's definition of hazing, the protocol for reporting incidents and the 
investigation process.
The updated section comes ## months after SU suspended fraternity Phi Kappa Psi when 
videos of a hazing event went viral on social media. The university also investigated Psi 
Upsilon last year, placing the fraternity on interim suspension.
The overview highlights an over ###-word definition of hazing, which includes any 
university-affiliated organization endangering members as a condition of joining. 
Organizations that haze are at risk of sanctions such as suspension and disaffiliation from 
the university, along with referral to city law enforcement, the report states.
To report a crime or an emergency, call DPS at ###-###-####, text or email ####syr.edu or 
use the Silent Witness Tool.
Get the latest Syracuse news delivered right to your inbox. 
Subscribe to our newsletter here.
Ongoing construction as part of Syracuse University's "comprehensive housing strategy" 
will close sidewalks and cause traffic detours, Vice President and Chief Campus Facilities 
Officer Pete Sala said in a campus-wide email Friday.
Sala's email provided updates to construction on residence halls at ### University Place, 
Waverly Avenue and Comstock Avenue as well as the University Avenue Hotel. As projects 
will increase traffic on campus, the Campus, Planning, Design and Construction team will 
work "closely" with contractors to mitigate congestion, Sala said.
In the email, Sala said the projects will "transform" the campus, while trying to minimize 
disruption.
Over the summer, construction continued on ### University Place with major sitework 
completed, Sala said. "Large portions" of the building's foundation were put into place.
Sidewalks and pedestrian detours in the area will remain closed on Ostrom Avenue.
Both Kimmel and Marion residence halls were demolished last semester for construction 
on the proposed Waverly Avenue residence and dining hall and the Comstock Avenue 
residence hall.
Community members can expect "additional pedestrian detours." The Comstock Avenue 
Garage's will also close and cause a detour to Ostrom Avenue and Marshall Street, 
according to the email.
Later this month, construction on the new University Ave hotel begins, Sala said in the 
email. Located on the former University Avenue North and South parking lots, delays due to 
construction fencing begins in the next few weeks.
The planned hotel was announced in December #### as part of SU's Graduate by Hilton 
collaboration and will act as a space for the broader central New York community to gather, 
the email says.
Construction-related concerns and questions can be directed toward cpdc#syr.edu.
Get the latest Syracuse news delivered right to your inbox. 
Subscribe to our newsletter here.
Heels clack and hips pop in Schine Underground. Excited chatter and nervous laughter fill 
the room as attendees warm up, as pop music plays from the speakers.
This isn't your typical dance class. It's a heels class, part of skill building for Exotic 
Elegance's future pole dancing performances.
"Our club is really to make friends and bond over learning how to dance," Josephine Jean, 
Syracuse University senior and the club's fiscal agent, said. "We try to push our bodies to 
the limit, building friendship and finding comfort in each other."
Exotic Elegance is SU's first and only pole dancing club. Founded in the spring of #### by 
now-SU senior Sabrina Brown and four friends, the club hosts regular, beginner-friendly 
heels classes and pole dancing meetings. Originating as a passing comment between the 
friend group, the club is now a registered student organization.
"There's not a lot of on campus group-based communities that really involve different types 
of working out," Brown, the club's president, said. "We wanted to have fun with it, be able to 
work out and just meet new people."
The club isn't limited to women. Everyone is welcome at Exotic Elegance, and they reject 
the idea that you need to be a specific type of person to take a class with them, Jean said.
In reality, it attracts anyone who wants a community and a chance to better themselves 
physically and mentally. Many people misconstrue pole dancing as exclusive, delegating it 
to one type of person or body type, Jean said.
Pole dancing takes strength, core and muscle, Brown said. Before starting Exotic Elegance, 
she never knew that she could reach that point with her body, nevertheless help others 
reach that too.
"A lot of the girls that we have talked to about this would say they don't feel like they have 
the right shape - girl, don't. There is nothing about shape here,"" Brown said.

Exotic Elegance's executive board pose together outside Schine Student Center. The club 
uses the space to host beginner-friendly heels classes. Alexander Zhiltsov # Staff 
Photographer
Brown credits SU's chapter of Girl Gains as one of their earliest supporters. Members of the 
RSO were among the first attendees at Exotic Elegance's meetings.
But not everyone was so welcoming. Despite the fitness-focused approach and 
motivational mindset, the club has faced negative associations from outsiders, Brown said. 
Many people, including friends of the club founders, dismissed the idea as sexual and 
inappropriate, deeming it an invalid way to work out, Jean said.
"Whenever I mention that I have to do something for my club, they ask what club," 
Secretary Rochelle Victoriano said. "And then when I mention Exotic Elegance, they say, 
'Why would you do that#'"
This stigma didn't discourage Exotic Elegance's executive board . In fact, Jean said they 
used the negative responses as their fuel to register the organization and build the club. For 
them, pole dancing isn't promiscuous or wrong - it's empowering. It's a way for attendees 
to live fully in their bodies and find strength in new ways, Victoriano said.
Exotic Elegance Vice President Ellie Petros was looking for a way to stay active on campus 
when she stumbled upon the club. She's been hooked ever since. Pole dancing workouts 
have kept her in touch with her passion for gymnastics and aerial silks and the creative 
nature of the sport has allowed her to express herself artistically.
"The club has made me feel more confident as a woman. With all the backlash that we 
received, us being able to still join together and have so much fun makes you feel like 
there's really no judgment in the club," Petros said. "You can mess up as much as you need 
to, and everyone's proud of each other."

Vice President Ellie Petros found Exotic Elegance while looking for a way to stay active on 
campus. The club has boosted her self confidence and helped her express 
herself. Alexander Zhiltsov # Staff Photographer
You don't need any heels, pole or dance experience to join the club, Jean said. Petros is the 
only one with this kind of dance experience. Like their executive board, most attendees are 
beginners.
"I remember our first class," Jean said. "I was falling all over the place. I thought, 'Oh my 
god, I'm not gonna be able to do anything.' But, in the end, I was able to do things I couldn't 
do before."
During classes, attendees embrace awkwardness and emphasize acceptance, creating an 
environment where people are excited to exercise, Brown said. As the music gets louder, so 
do the cheers.
Exotic Elegance typically holds their heels and floor classes in Schine Student Center. 
Brown said the club is currently working to get pole space on campus. Until then, Manlius-
based Deviant Dance Tribe provides them with space and poles to practice, taking buses 
from campus. Exotic Elegance hosts classes there for free and Deviant offers a student 
discount for members who want to attend other classes at the studio.
They haven't had any pole performances yet# it's a goal for them as they grow membership, 
Brown said. They're hosting their first pole dancing class of the semester on Oct. ##.
Victoriano said Exotic Elegance has helped her feel at home in her body, and "access her 
full potential." Anyone can find a safe place within this club, she said.
"The dances sometimes may be so sensual and other times may be deemed negatively 
sexually, but it just makes you feel happier about being in your skin no matter what you look 
like, no matter who you are," Victoriano said. "It just makes you feel better about being 
you."
Get the latest Syracuse news delivered right to your inbox. 
Subscribe to our newsletter here.
"Good Boy" is proof that dogs should be eligible for the Oscars.
Ben Leonberg delivers a standout thriller movie about man's best friend - and his worst 
enemy - in his directorial debut. The film follows retriever Indy #played by the director's 
dog of the same name# as he helps his owner, Todd #Shane Jensen#, fight a chronic illness 
that might just kill them both.
In a media landscape of action movies and slasher flicks, this film stands out. Its singular 
premise, style and acting left me understanding the actions of every character, even if I was 
sometimes frustrated by them.
This film won't hand you answers. It doesn't explain certain plot points, such as the exact 
nature of Todd's illness. In a world of hyperliteral Marvel Entertainment heroes and tired 
tropes, "Good Boy"'s obscure approach to exposition feels oddly refreshing. It allows the 
film's monster to be a metaphor for a number of topics, including grief, family expectations 
and addiction.
After moving to his dead grandfather's isolated home, Todd cuts ties with his concerned 
sister, leaving his dog to ward off a physical manifestation of his illness and family trauma. 
The only problem is that Indy can't tell what's happening, leading Todd to push him away 
when they need to be together the most.
In a sense, Leonberg and his team have created a contemporary eldritch horror film. Indy's 
surrounded by death, both in the form of his owner's creeping sickness and the 
taxidermied trophies of the cabin's previous occupant.
The pair's new home, a sprawling cabin in the woods, feels strange and hostile, and you 
can't help but feel bad for Indy as he's forced to battle his owner's chronic illness. To a dog, 
this is inexplicable, especially when it's given a corporeal form. Indy seems to have little 
hope of survival, or even understanding.
Indy's performance is impressive. He doesn't speak or open doors, and his acting isn't 
enhanced by computer-generated imagery. You're seeing an actor in his element, giving the 
role everything he's got. Fittingly, the film gives us a dog's-eye view of the world. The 
cinematography #led by Wade Grebnoel# takes Indy's short stature into account# nearly 
every shot is a low angle.
Environments we should be familiar with, such as the cabin, feel foreign, lending a sense of 
tension to the whole affair that would sorely be missed otherwise. Some sequences 
completely blur the line between Indy's perception and reality, arguing that a dog's view of 
the past and present is totally different than our own.
Viewers never see an unobscured human face in the entire ##-minute runtime. It's just us, 
fractured reflections of people, Indy and some intentionally jarring high-angle shots at key 
moments. Leonberg and co-writer Alex Cannon don't waste your time, delivering a 
perfectly pitched tone and well-executed thrills.
Above all else, "Good Boy" is an anxious film. The score, acting and shot selection all 
combine to create a foreboding atmosphere that occasionally crosses the line into terror. 
What jumpscares there are feel earned, not cheap or tacky.
Every shot is used to its fullest potential, from beginning to end# no corners have been cut 
here. The fact that all of this was done with an animal in the lead role #one who, according 
to the post-credits scene, had no special training# is doubly impressive.
This film's initial shooting took three years. Leonberg's commitment to using his real dog 
meant the small crew had to shoot in one-to-three hour chunks and break the filming of 
one scene into four or five days.
The director and his wife were on dog-wrangling duty, strategically positioned just out of 
shot to pull Indy's attention at the right moment. The camera operators were almost never 
behind the cameras themselves, instead setting up shots before to avoid distracting the 
star.
This filming setup led to some compromises elsewhere. Some of the dialogue sounds like it 
was recorded in a studio rather than on set, and some cuts seem confusing or 
unmotivated. Certain special effects also seem cheap, likely a casualty of the movie's 
limited budget.
Even so, the fact that something like this is not only watchable, but enjoyable, is a technical 
miracle and a testament to editor Curtis Roberts' craft.
A question that will likely be on the minds of many prospective viewers# does the dog die# 
Will he get "Old Yeller'd", or perhaps "Turner # Hooch'd"# I feel that knowing beforehand 
whether the dog dies or not would take the basic point of tension out of the film. If you're 
persuaded by this argument, skip the next sentence. No, Indy doesn't die.
Leonberg takes what could be a novelty premise and elevates it to a truly original horror 
film that is more than the sum of its parts. His crew's commitment to his idea and the 
inventiveness of its execution speak volumes to his skill, and I can only hope to see another 
of his films on the big screen in the future. If you see "Good Boy" in theaters, make sure to 
stick around for the exclusive behind-the-scenes reel of Indy in action.
Performing at Wolff's Biergarten's inaugural Syracuse Oktoberfest wasn't Fritz Scherz and 
his polka band's first rodeo. Past performances like Woodstock #### and Musikfest may be 
different from Clinton Square, but each show marks a new chapter for the band. Every 
venue taught them something new, and their Oktoberfest set was no different.
"Whenever you start a new event, there's growing pains," Scherz said. "They've done the 
event in Albany for a few years, and now it's great they're trying to do it in Syracuse."
Wolff's Biergarten held its first Syracuse Oktoberfest celebration on Saturday, aiming to 
bring the spirit of Bavaria to downtown Syracuse. Clinton Square was filled with live polka 
music, wiener dog races, stein chugging, games and, most importantly to the crowd, 
authentic German food and drinks.
Regional Manager for Wolff's Derrick Heath said he wanted to bring something new and fun 
to the city with the festival. The event has been running for ## years in Albany, but he saw 
an opportunity to expand.
"We want to ingratiate ourselves with the community, we want to foster that sort of feeling 
with people," Heath said.
Dylan Volk, general manager of Wolff's Biergarten in Syracuse, said this year's event was 
the bar's first real chance to connect with the community. Volk admitted he was initially 
worried about the Syracuse University football game limiting attendance, but was thrilled 
with the turnout. His role for the day was simple# "Serve beer, drink beer and make 
everybody happy."
The festival featured games like soccer pong and darts. Heath said soccer plays a big role 
at the biergarten, which hosts daily match viewings for fans to gather and cheer on their 
teams. One vendor offered a soccer video game station where attendees could face off as 
their favorite clubs. Outside of soccer, guests tried their luck at beer keg bowling and 
Hammer-Schlagen, where contestants try to drive nails into a tree stump with a hammer.
The community spirit was clear to Michaela Daversa and her friends. The group helped sell 
branded clothing featuring Oktoberfest designs. One portrayed a filled stein, while another 
had a dachshund smiling on the back.

Syracuse University student Holly Anderson sells her brand Awkward Fish's clothing at 
Oktoberfest. Other vendors sold clothing featuring Oktoberfest-related designs. Kai 
Pavlova # Contributing Photographer
"I would say everybody seems like they know each other just walking down the street, 
everybody's saying hi and stopping," Daversa said.
Next to the dachshund racecourse sat the main tent, where dozens of attendees enjoyed 
bratwurst and pilsner. At the front of the tent stood a stage - not for music, but for 
chugging.
Neil Cross, a volunteer running the beer chugging competition, said it was a fun 
representation of German culture. Rows of glass boots were filled with beer, with the only 
goal being to finish first.
While many attendees came dressed in lederhosen and dirndls, others stumbled upon the 
event by chance. Mark Bort was looking at clothes before choosing what pilsner to drink.
"We were out shopping, and we happened to see what's going on, so we thought it'd be 
excellent to come over and have a date with my wife," Bort said.
He said it was great to see the community come together and enjoy the festival with such 
enthusiasm.
Brian Waldman also found himself at Oktoberfest by accident after road closures changed 
his route home. Originally from Watertown, N.Y., Waldman had attended an Oktoberfest 
before in Germany and said it was an unmatched experience. Still, he said the Syracuse 
event captured the distinct spirit of the tradition.
Looking at the crowd, Scherz recalled a story about Stevie Ray Vaughan at the #### 
Montreux Jazz Festival. Despite playing his heart out, Vaughan was booed throughout his 
performance and left the stage defeated. He was unaware that Jackson Browne and David 
Bowie were in the crowd and were so impressed that they invited him to jam afterward - 
an encounter that helped launch his career.
Scherz said the story reminds him to always give his best performance, and he's eager to 
continue to play in Syracuse.
"Don't jip people out of a good performance," Scherz said. "I want these people to go away 
today and say 'You know what man, that was a good time,'" Scherz said.
When Executive Director Lisa Butler first started Syracuse Fashion Week in ####, she saw a 
chance to pivot away from her former career in theater. Eleven years later, Syracuse 
Fashion Week is a cornerstone for local fashion.
"Change is a constant, and that's how we evolve in life," Butler said. "It was one of those 
now-or-never thoughts in my head."
The ninth annual Syracuse Fashion Week hosted its #### fall fashion show, Syracuse Style, 
at Art in the Atrium on Saturday evening. In its glass building, the night's sky radiated down 
to the runway, where models strutted down the runway with flair. As the nine brands and 
designers exhibited their latest collections, attendees applauded thunderously.
Many people went to the event to support their loved ones. But for #uelian Gao, who came 
to support her daughter modelling for Cat of the Hill, the show was also a chance to spot 
her favorite looks. Gao lived vicariously through her daughter.
"I really wanted to be a designer, but for some reason, I didn't go to classes to learn drawing 
or something," Gao said. "But now, my girl's modeling and I really like it to see the beautiful 
clothes, beautiful designs and meet different kinds of people."
This year marks the first time Butler hosted Syracuse Style at the Atrium, pivoting away 
from its previous location at Palladian Hall. While Palladian Hall boasted a larger, more 
grand space, its high rental costs and less intimate space were the main drawbacks, Butler 
said. The new venue allows the show to highlight the surrounding area, a key part of 
Butler's vision for the event, she said.
Combining the dramatics of theater, Butler started Syracuse Fashion Week to promote her 
custom-made wedding gowns and formal wear. Now, the show has blossomed into a 
platform to exhibit underground, local talent. Butler said she's proud of the way the project 
has grown.
Since its inception, Syracuse Fashion Week has supported the Food Bank of Central New 
York. Over the last ## years, they've raised over ###,###, which Butler said is the most 
"rewarding" part of her initiative.
"The work that they do right now is ever more important, unfortunately, and so that's 
rewarding, when we can get the message out, when we can raise money, when I can make 
my donation after the shows are done," Butler said.

A model shows off A. Rivera's designs at the end of the runway. The event showcased nine 
different designers. Alexander Zhiltzov # Staff Photographer
At this year's fashion show, models sported local brands like A. Rivera and Stiletto Love 
Boutique, displaying diverse collections of colors, patterns and textures. Children, 
teenagers and adults strutted the runway in outfits from Cat of the Hill's collections.
The night began with designer Marke Zinkovitch's work, which displayed a "Barbiecore" 
collection of tiaras and laced and patched dresses. Following the pink theme, Zinkovitch 
said she hopes her designs remind audience members of Breast Cancer Awareness Month 
and encourage women to get tested and detect breast cancer early on.
Zinkovitch's designs center around bespoke fittings for plus-size women, she said. Her line 
is personalized to each model, empowering her clients to look their best for every 
occasion.
"I started my brand because as a plus-size woman myself, I have never really found 
clothing that fit me," Zinkovitch said. "And so many plus-size women go to stores, they try 
on clothing, and they hate how they look because of the clothing."
Zinkovitch spent six months putting her collection together, allocating time to make each 
dress while sourcing models for the show. By the end of the show, she said seeing her 
models feel confident in her clothes was the most rewarding part of the night.
Zinkovitch even modeled her own designs in the show, calling it the standout moment of 
her night.
"I just absolutely love that feeling of the music behind you and walking and seeing the 
crowd of faces and their reactions to the clothing," she said. "I've never walked down a 
runway before, and this made me so confident."
Unlike other fashion shows, Syracuse Style isn't bound by a specific theme. This enables 
the show to flaunt different brands and designers without restriction, Butler said.
"I try to get as many original designers as possible. Sometimes we'll have local boutiques. 
But it's really to support creatives in Syracuse," Butler said.
QueenRi's Boutique featured traditional African dashiki attire, using the dashiki pattern in 
the show's skirts and head garments. Leaning into fall colors, designer Marissa Johnson 
dove deeper into the clothing's traditional roots.
Hailing from New York City, Johnson said that shows like Syracuse Style reveal the same 
level of talent as The Big Apple.
"People focus on New York Fashion Week, so I think #Syracuse Fashion Week# brings that 
sort of fashion week to us," Johnson said. "It's great for the city and it also raises funds for 
the food bank, so you're feeding people at the same time. So for me, that is a reward in 
itself."
Beyond patched dresses and traditional pieces, artworks were on display throughout the 
venue, with Utica-based studio artordie and Zoe Sauve showcasing brute and honest 
pieces throughout.
For Johnson, fashion in Syracuse is a hidden gem in the community. She hopes events like 
these point people to the treasure.
"Syracuse is one of those cities that's not out in the open like New York City, you've got to 
kind of search for what you're what you're interested in," Butler said. "We should try to 
show people that there are so many really talented, creative people that live and work 
here."
After spending four years away from the United States, Syracuse University freshman 
Menna Stephens was looking to connect to her newfound college community on her ##th 
birthday. So, she went to Harvest Fest.
"There are a lot of things where I'm like, 'This is very, very American,'" she said. "It's a bit of a 
homecoming."
In collaboration with Greek Council and the Student Government Association, University 
Union hosted Harvest Fest this Sunday in Walnut Park. Attractions included local vendors, 
a student DJ competition and food trucks.
Accompanied by fellow freshmen Ru Amin and Anna Hinshaw, also international students, 
Stephens explored all the event had to offer.
Hinshaw, who attended high school in London, England, said she enjoyed the opportunity 
to engage with the community outside of campus and see small businesses.
"I really like the community and the school spirit," she said. "You don't really get that kind of 
stuff in the UK."
The DJ competition featured six student artists. Audience members bought votes for their 
favorite, and the proceeds went to a charity of the winning artist's choice.
Sophomore and hobbyist DJ Cameron Kimelman took the stage representing Delta Tau 
Delta. He said he appreciated the experience, which gave him an audience in his first year 
of performing. Another fraternity member signed him up for the opportunity, only telling him 
later about the commitment.
One of the event's most popular attractions was the Pie A President stand, where students 
could pay a small sum to launch a pie at the organization leader of their choosing. Senior 
Alexis Rouson, president of the National Pan-Hellenic Council, was hit three times in the 
first six minutes of the event.

One of the most popular events at Harvest Fest was Pie A President. Leaders of multiple 
on-campus organizations lined up to get pied. Leonardo Eriman # Photo Editor
Despite the shaving cream on her face, Rouson expressed enthusiasm about helping to 
make the event what it was.
"I know that Syracuse is trying to make Harvest Fest a big thing, so I want to help in any way 
I can," Rouson said.
Linus Brooks, head bookseller at Parthenon Books, sold a wide selection at Harvest Fest. 
Parthenon displayed mainly banned books, as Sunday marked the start of Banned Books 
Week. The collection included romance books and an expanded horror genre to celebrate 
October.
"We love when people buy books from us, but we also just love talking about books with 
people, and a lot of people have been coming up, just wanting to talk, so that's been a good 
time," Brooks said.
Syracuse graduate student Mackenzie Mallory attended the festival to connect with friends, 
pick up local produce and walk her dog, Wynette.
Wynette, a black lab puppy, became an attraction all her own - event attendees often 
asked Mallory if they could pet the dog. Though her puppy got a little tired from all the 
attention, she did well, Mallory said.
"There's a lot of produce stands," Mallory said. "I like that, because it means I don't have to 
eat the #campus# food all the time and I can cook for myself."
Syracuse resident Sam Ponessa was also impressed by the variety of products on display. 
Though Ponessa was already aware of Syracuse's large vintage clothing scene, he was 
happy to see it represented at the event.
Ponessa purchased a bag of apples from Plum # Mule, an organization that connects local 
farmers with consumers. He said he didn't realize there were so many locally-owned farms 
in the area.
"I saw there were food trucks here, which I didn't know were going to be here, so I'll maybe 
get some lunch," Ponessa said.
Many tents contained racks of secondhand clothes, handmade jewelry and stickers. Two 
vendors sold locally produced honey in a variety of flavors, while another stocked 
homemade sourdough loaves and cookies.
Sellers like Parthenon Books were enthusiastic about connecting with SU students and 
showcasing their goods to the campus community at Harvest Fest.
"One of our main goals as a bookstore is to be really involved in the community," Brooks 
said. "In Syracuse, one of the biggest parts is the university, so we're really happy to be 
here."
As hundreds of racers crossed the finish line at the Inner Harbor #K, they were greeted with 
upbeat music pumping through speakers, a photobooth, free merchandise, and 
rejuvenating beverages. Alongside the occasional joke to "remember to hydrate," runners 
were met by loud cheers from the sidelines.
"That runner's high, there's nothing like it," Jess Vinci, a member of the #K's planning 
committee, said.
On Sunday morning, Syracuse Run Club partnered with Inner Harbor #K for their ##th 
annual race. Pace Run Club, an on-campus running group, also collaborated on the event. 
This year's race tripled previous turnouts with over ### runners, co-founder of Syracuse 
Run Club Gabrielle Lloyd said.
The event was sponsored by Monster Energy and other businesses, which provided free 
energy and hydration after the race. Alongside tents and a DJ booth, runners celebrated 
their accomplishment with food, music, and raffles, sporting newly earned medals.
The event supports local organizations like It's About Childhood # Family, Inc., Safe Space, 
and Syracuse City School District Athletics.
Syracuse Run Club founders were inquiring about starting their own race when Michael 
Gilbert, founder of the race, presented them with the opportunity to take over the #K. It 
allowed them to collaborate and build upon the foundation Gilbert had already built with 
vendors and sponsors, Lloyd said. Through the club's media influence and marketing, 
registration from past years tripled this year, she said.
The planning for this year's event began in February. Their dedication came from their deep 
passion for running, Vincig said.
Syracuse Run Club and Pace Run Club share origin stories# both began with passionate 
runners wanting to build a community of runners who also love the sport.
Last July, ## friends came together to share their passion for running with the Syracuse 
community. Soon, the group became an average of ### runners each week, forming 
Syracuse Run Club.
Similarly, Pace Run Club, a student-run organization, was founded to create a safe space 
for students at Syracuse University to run together. They're passionate about including all 
running levels and providing an on-campus place to run. Because Pace is very inclusive to 
all runners and is always open to adding more members to the team, they attract large 
crowds at every run, Duane Tilghman, Pace Run Club's co-founding Vice President, said.
"I always wanted to start a run club because I would just run on my own and see a lot of 
students running, and I figured it would be a good idea to build a community of runners," 
Tilghman said.
Syracuse Run Club invited Pace to become a collaborator at the event, which was a big 
milestone for their club, Tilghman said. Tilghman said he's continuously in contact with Eli 
Green, co-founder of Syracuse Run Club, who's been a big supporter and ally of Pace.
Lloyd said running is a mental health escape for her. She's been running since high school, 
and as a young mom, she turns to the sport whenever she needs a rejuvenator.
Sydney Herrick and Bridget Walker, two participants, decided to take on this race by using 
the buddy system. Their goal to complete a half-marathon every summer led them to 
Syracuse Run Club, which is where they found out about the #K.
Mario Perez, a participant in the race, said he accomplished his goal of running the race in 
less than ## minutes. He felt confident at the end - it was his first #K in a while, he said.
Herrick said the key to any good race is a running buddy and a great playlist, two things she 
sported on Sunday afternoon. She said the large turnout helped motivate her to run her 
best.
"The trail was really beautiful, and it was really encouraging. They had a lot of people," 
Herrick said.
Syracuse football's #### campaign has already seen it lose as many games as last year. 
The Orange followed up their historic ##-win #### by going #-# across their first six games 
of this season. Though SU appeared to be a sneaky contender in the Atlantic Coast 
Conference following its Week # win over Clemson, quarterback Steve Angeli's season-
ending torn Achilles has resulted in it dropping two straight games for the first time under 
head coach Fran Brown.
At the midway point of the season, the Orange have a timely bye week on their schedule. 
How they perform in their next two games against beatable opponents in Pitt #Oct. ### and 
UNC #Oct. ### could determine if they qualify for a bowl game. But for now, SU's season has 
been a mixed bag that has it trending toward getting the entire month of December off.
Here's a dive into some key statistics defining Syracuse's ##-#, #-# ACC# #### campaign so 
far#
SU's ##.# pass-rush grade
For the second straight year under second-year defensive coordinator Elijah Robinson, the 
Orange are struggling to sack the quarterback. According to Pro Football Focus, SU's pass-
rush grade sits at a measly ##.# - the third-worst mark in the ACC and ##th-worst in the 
nation.
The only Syracuse players with #.# sacks are cornerback Braheem Long Jr. and Jamie 
Tremble, who was recruited as a tight end before becoming SU's starting SAM linebacker in 
####. Both of them are sophomores, too. Other than that duo's #.# combined sacks, the 
Orange only have #.# other sacks to their name, including just #.# by their top-two edge 
rushers# Denis Jaquez Jr. ##.## and David Reese ##.##.
After losing Fadil Diggs to the NFL Draft and interior defensive lineman Maraad Watson via 
the transfer portal, Syracuse's pass rush has become a shell of itself. No one has stepped 
up as a premier pass-rushing threat this year. Until somebody does, the Orange's front 
seven will continue giving quarterbacks tons of time to pick it apart - SU is averaging the 
sixth-most passing yards allowed in the country at ###.# per game.
Villari's ### receiving yards
Graduate tight end Dan Villari is far and away one of Syracuse's most undervalued players. 
He's put together a dominant #### campaign thus far, ranking fourth among all tight ends in 
the FBS with ### receiving yards in six contests. It's already a career high for the former 
Michigan quarterback commit.
Considering how many outside weapons the Orange have - Johntay Cook, Justus Ross-
Simmons, Darrell Gill Jr., Jaylan Hornsby, etc. - Villari's received heaps of free space 
across the middle this season. Oftentimes, opposing safety duos are forced to help toward 
the sidelines, which usually draws Villari open in intermediate passing range. And he's 
taken advantage by ranking second on SU with ## receptions.
With Angeli done for the year and Syracuse's offense currently sputtering, offensive 
coordinator Jeff Nixon may scheme Villari open with increased regularity# he can help out 
his inexperienced quarterback, Rickie Collins, by acting as a safety valve.

Sophia Burke # Digital Design Director
Collins' #.## interception rate
Collins, a redshirt sophomore who transferred from LSU this offseason, took over under 
center in place of the ailing Angeli beginning in Week # versus Duke. However, Collins has 
left a rough first impression so far.
His #.## interception rate is among the worst of any FBS quarterback with more than ## 
pass attempts, tossing five picks in ## pass attempts so far this season.
Look, before you start calling for now-backup quarterback Luke Carney to replace Collins 
as SU's starter, even someone as excellent as Kyle McCord had an interception problem. 
He threw ## picks last year, averaging just less than one per contest. McCord infamously 
tossed five interceptions in a single game against Pittsburgh on Oct. ##, ####. At the end of 
the day, interceptions are bound to happen in Nixon's air-raid offense.
But thus far, Collins hasn't made up for his turnovers with points of his own. He's tallied 
three passing touchdowns and one rushing touchdown, currently totaling more giveaways 
than touchdowns scored. In each of the two games he started - double-digit losses to 
Duke and SMU - the Orange failed to score a touchdown by halftime and Collins tossed a 
first-quarter pick in both of them, too.
Cook's ##.# grade on deep balls
Cook, a Texas transfer wideout, leads all Syracuse receivers with ## receptions and ### 
yards. But where he's displayed his greatest strength is his ability to torch opposing 
secondaries on routes of ## yards or more.
On deep passes ###-plus yards# intended for Cook this season, he currently boasts a PFF 
receiving grade of ##.#. That's as close as it gets to perfect, folks.
Cook's top moments this season didn't occur in any of Syracuse's wins. He hauled in his 
first touchdown at SU in its season-opening loss to then-No. ## Tennessee. Cook's second 
score came last week against SMU on a play where he completed an acrobatic catch in the 
back of the end zone off a throw from Collins, who was blanketed by two Mustang 
defenders.
Rumors about Cook being unhappy were inadvertently spread around social media 
Saturday night after someone called into ESPN Syracuse radio's football postgame show, 
who claimed to be Cook's uncle, David Cook. David made wild accusations about Collins' 
performance ruining Cook's chances at being drafted into the NFL. He also said he 
obtained Syracuse's fall practice tape of Collins, and said SU's quarterback "is not ready 
for a No. # spot."
Whether the drama is real or not, it's clear the Orange can use Cook as a prime deep-ball 
threat going forward to potentially spark an offensive turnaround.
Angeli's ###.## passing yards per game
Don't get too nostalgic, Syracuse fans. Angeli will be back in uniform at some point next 
season. But for now, you can still reminisce about what he displayed this year - and what 
he can build off of in the future.
Angeli averaged an absurd total of ###.# passing yards per game, which ranked first in the 
nation at the time of his injury and still ranks second in the country behind Baylor's Sawyer 
Robertson #### yards per contest#.
Angeli's accomplishments in four games included tying Syracuse's record for single-game 
touchdowns with six #five passing, one rushing#.
Compared to McCord's ###.## yards per game - which helped him set the ACC single-
season passing yards record ##,### yards# - Angeli was only about ## yards off. The Notre 
Dame transfer will likely obtain a medical redshirt for the #### season, giving him two more 
years of eligibility to potentially continue his Syracuse career.
The moment that Casey Cummings stepped onto Syracuse's campus for a lacrosse camp, 
she knew she wanted to play for the Orange, her favorite childhood team.
"I walked on campus and I just felt like I belonged there," Casey, who's now a four-star 
recruit at Nyack Senior High School #New York#, said. "It's just a great environment to be in."
Her ties with the university go well beyond that visit. Casey has attended SU lacrosse 
camp. While there, she received a signed stick from legendary former Syracuse lacrosse 
player and current men's lacrosse head coach Gary Gait. On the drive home, Casey's 
mother, Tara Cummings, predicted she'd play for the Orange one day.
Fast forward a few years, and Casey, who started playing with Nyack's varsity team in 
seventh grade, has committed to play for Syracuse. The #### recruit has tallied ### goals, 
### assists and ### draw controls across her #-year varsity career, helping boost Nyack to 
the No. ##-ranked team in the country, per USA Lacrosse Magazine.
Casey began playing lacrosse with her father, Joe Cummings, at the age of # in the 
backyard. The two would throw the ball back and forth to help build her confidence 
handling the ball, Joe said.
In first grade, Casey joined her first lacrosse team, Nike Youth Lacrosse. She began playing 
at a third and fourth-grade level because of her skill level.
Tara remembers the program's directors telling Joe# "If you can teach her how to catch and 
throw like that, we want her."
Despite being the youngest on the field, Casey made up for it with her skills. Elizabeth 
Gould, who coached Casey at Nike Youth Lacrosse and as an assistant coach with Nyack, 
said she was "a force on the field" as a kid. That propelled her through middle school and 
high school. In the spring of seventh grade, Cummings tried out for Nyack High School's 
varsity team and earned a spot.
"My first impression was that she absolutely loves the game of lacrosse," Nyack head 
coach Kathryn Perrella said. "She's very competitive, and I knew it was something she was 
really going to commit herself to."
Casey played a solid role for Nyack. She had a solid #th-grade campaign, scoring ## goals 
and ## assists.
She also excelled in high school. Her first goal as a high schooler was one of the most 
memorable parts of her career. Tara remembers her picking off an opponent's pass and 
running the whole length of the field. She then fought through a double team and sniped 
the top right corner for the goal. Tara remembers becoming emotional afterward.
"I said, 'her dreams are going to come true,'" Tara recalled.
Casey has improved since her seventh-grade season, not only in goal scoring and assists, 
but also on the draw. As a seventh grader, she only won two draws all season. In ##th grade, 
she totaled ### wins, nearly doubling her total in high school.
Perrella said while Casey was first learning how to take the draw in eighth grade, she used 
different sticks and tried different maneuvers to find new ways to counter her opponents.
"She's put in so many reps and practiced and so many hours of work into figuring out how 
to take the draw," Gould said.
Casey's game IQ has also improved over the years, Gould said. That includes her vision and 
her ability to pass the ball to her teammates in scoring positions.
As a result, she was voted one of the team captains this summer for her final year at Nyack. 
In her five years with the program, she's contributed to creating a demanding culture since 
she stepped on the field.
"We're literally like sisters." Casey said. "Everyone on the team wants to be there and wants 
us to be good. Everyone just puts in the work."
She's also made an impact off the field. Casey and her teammates have done community 
service throughout their area, volunteering to coach youth girls lacrosse and holding a 
basketball tournament for Morgan's Message, an organization that tries to break the stigma 
around mental health. Cummings herself is an ambassador for the group.
"I feel like I'm giving back to something that was always supporting me," Cummings said.
Gould said Cummings also helps out with One Love Foundation, another organization that 
addresses and attempts to break the stigma around mental health, and is trying to set up 
a ## For Life game this year at Nyack.
"Her leadership on the field, it bleeds over into all other areas of life," Gould said.
On the field, though, Casey has another goal# win the state championship. She wants to be 
the one to lead Nyack to its first state title since ####.
The team was close last year, winning the sectional title but falling in regionals to Bayport-
Blue Point. Casey immediately looked toward the positives.
"#After losing# I'll be like, 'Okay these are the mistakes we made.' And then it's like, 'Okay 
that was yesterday. #We've# got to move on. It's a new day,'" Casey said.
But Casey has the tools to reverse that trend in ####. That's how she ended up at Syracuse. 
And she'll try to bring them to the Orange in ####.
Auburn boys' lacrosse player Connor Dautrich isn't the biggest kid on the field and doesn't 
seek the spotlight. But when watching the Maroons' offense, it's clear he's the engine.
Dautrich's success was built as soon as he could walk. He tagged along with then-Auburn 
players, dreaming of one day putting the same jersey on.
Now, that's become a reality. The now-sophomore attack was one of Auburn's top scorers 
during his freshman campaign in ####, tallying ## goals, ## assists and ## ground balls. 
With several graduating seniors, Dautrich is ready for an expanded role in ####, preparing 
him to potentially play college lacrosse.
"This is a kid who watches and studies lacrosse," Auburn head coach Matt Smith said. 
"He's a lax rat, always in the backyard, always working."
Dautrich picked up his first lacrosse stick in kindergarten, crediting his start to his father, 
Brian Dautrich, an Oswego lacrosse alum who now serves as Auburn's assistant coach.
Though Dautrich is undersized compared to his teammates, he's a fearless scorer who's 
willing to make selfless plays. Dautrich made the varsity team as a freshman after playing 
modified lacrosse in seventh grade and junior varsity in eighth grade.
But moving to varsity lacrosse was a major adjustment. Dautrich had to overcome the pace 
and physicality of playing up. He said he felt constant pressure but was calmed when older 
players helped him adapt.
"I needed to prove myself," Dautrich said. "The older guys made me feel welcome, though. 
The team environment made it easy to focus on getting better."
That's exactly what Dautrich did. By midseason, he was a reliable scoring threat, often 
putting step-downs in the back of the net and feeding his teammates for assists when he 
drew more attention.

Connor Dautrich #right# rises in celebration with a teammate. As a freshman at Auburn High 
School, Dautrich scored ## goals, establishing himself as one of the team's standout 
players. Courtesy of Connor Dautrich
Dautrich's success was most notable against East Syracuse Minoa on May #. He helped 
lead Auburn to a win with two goals and two assists - and his infectious energy.
Smith said the team initially questioned whether Dautrich could handle the pace of varsity. 
But his season-long success and overall toughness changed its mind.
"A couple of the upperclassmen were hesitant at first," Smith said. "I think they judged 
#Dautrich# by his size, but he earned their respect quickly. He was tough, he took hits, made 
plays. He didn't back down."
Now, Dautrich is focused on his sophomore season. His vision and IQ have always stood 
out, Smith said. But he knows he needs to work on his physicality. Dautrich will spend the 
offseason lifting, developing his non-dominant right hand and improving his footwork.
With two graduating seniors, Dautrich hopes to play a bigger role in leading Auburn to a 
sectional championship. Smith believes his top-notch vision and selfless play make him 
ready for the challenge.
"He has a scorer's mentality, but he's unselfish. He'll make the pass, even the hockey 
assist, if it's the right play," Smith said. "His style is more team-centered, not ego-driven. 
He's not trying to impress with flash, he's trying to make the right play."
Dautrich's humility can be traced back home. His house is littered with lacrosse 
equipment, due to his dad's love for the game and the play of his two younger siblings.
"He's been throwing the ball around the house since he could walk," Brian said. "It's 
something that's always been ours. And now it's evolved into game planning and coaching. 
It's been special."
As a coach's son, Dautrich usually takes the heat when things go poorly in practice or 
games. Meanwhile, he often misses the praise when things go well.
Despite his success, Dautrich hasn't worried about his impending college commitment. 
His focus is on improving his game and helping the team.
"He's going to play college lacrosse. He's that good," Smith said. "But more importantly, 
he's the kind of person who deserves success because he's humble, respectful and willing 
to work for everything."
For now, though, Dautrich will continue to be one of Auburn's growing leaders and top 
performers for three more seasons. He may not turn heads with his size. But one thing is for 
certain# He'll be at the top of every opponent's scouting report.
"He respects the game, respects his teammates and loves being part of the team," Smith 
said. "I see him being one of the top leaders and scorers in Auburn history."
DALLAS - Buffaloes and cows are the animals Fran Brown used in his postgame press 
conference to describe the current state of Syracuse after its ##-## road loss at SMU 
Saturday.
Following a game in which SU trailed by as much as ## points, the second-year head coach 
walked into the locker room and asked his players which cloven-hoofed mammal they 
preferred to personify in the face of adversity# a menacing buffalo that overpowers those 
who dare to test it, or a lethargic cow that easily tips over.
The Orange are amid their worst rut of the Brown era. They've dropped two straight games 
for the first time since ####. Their quarterback, Rickie Collins, is throwing interceptions on 
#.## of his throws, the fifth-worst rate in the nation among anyone over ## pass attempts. 
Their pass rush is nonexistent. Their rushing attack with Yasin Willis often gets abandoned 
early. And, per Pro Football Focus, none of their offensive tackles have a pass-blocking 
grade over ##.#.
Syracuse needs its lead buffalo to herd the Orange's roster back to how they were playing 
just two weeks ago, when they shocked Clemson in Death Valley.
But that's the problem. SU no longer has its lead buffalo# Steve Angeli.
The Notre Dame transfer led the nation in passing yards ##,#### before tearing his 
Achilles on Sept. ## in the third quarter of the Clemson game. Angeli was in the early stages 
of a storybook season - he tied a Syracuse program record with six total touchdowns 
against Colgate on Sept. ##, tossed for ### yards a week earlier in a win over UConn and 
had SU's offense playing with a similar electricity to what Kyle McCord 
generated throughout its ##-win #### campaign.
With Angeli under center, the Orange ##-#, #-# ACC# looked like a dark horse to win the 
Atlantic Coast Conference. In the two games since his injury, they've barely looked bowl-
eligible.
We're only halfway through the #### college football season, but it is clear that Angeli's 
Achilles tear derailed Syracuse's campaign from a once-promising year into an unmitigated 
disaster. Not having their No. # quarterback is simply too much for this Orange team to 
overcome, and it might even cause them to miss a bowl game if things don't change after 
next week's bye.
Before Syracuse's Week # game in Atlanta against then-No. ## Tennessee, I wrote that this 
year is a rebuilding season for Brown's squad. Now, #### is becoming a lost season.
Though Brown doesn't think so.
"We're building a program. It's a culture. It's something that takes time to do," Brown said 
when comparing SU's #-# start this season to its historic year last season. "We had the 
chance to win a lot early. We've won some bigger games this year ... You just got to judge us 
by who we have been, not off just what you're seeing right now."
But what the country's seeing right now is a team that's completely out of whack.

Rickie Collins communicates with his offensive line in SU's loss to Duke on Sept. ##. 
Collins has thrown an interception on #.## of his throws, the worst rate nationally among 
players with over ## pass attempts. Leonardo Eriman # Photo Editor
Syracuse's ##-## Week # upset victory over the Tigers saw its offense never miss a beat and 
its defense deliver its best performance under second-year coordinator Elijah Robinson. 
After Angeli was ruled out for the year, SU trailed ##-# at halftime in each of its next two 
games and faced second-half deficits of at least ## points.
With one player out of the mix, how can the difference be this drastic#
Let's start by comparing the two quarterbacks. Angeli's quiet confidence and swagger was 
palpable among his Syracuse teammates and coaches - no moment was too big for him. 
On Saturday, Collins was asked if he either felt comfortable or stressed out there on the 
field. His answer wasn't reassuring.
"I'd say stressful, nerve-wracking, because I know we're better than what we're displaying," 
Collins said.
Collins has thrown five interceptions in ## pass attempts thus far with the Orange. At LSU 
from ####-##, Collins threw just seven passes in game action as a backup quarterback to 
Heisman winner Jayden Daniels and current Tigers star Garrett Nussmeier. He doesn't have 
many snaps under his belt. So clearly, this season has been a major learning curve for him.
Among Collins' ## pass attempts versus the Mustangs, he missed two wide-open 
touchdowns# one to Willis in the red zone and another on a deep shot intended for Darrell 
Gill Jr.
Willis, who was held to ## carries for ## rushing yards against SMU, said Collins goes "a 
little too fast" sometimes. He revealed postgame Saturday that he's heard Syracuse's 
coaches give Collins critiques about his field vision. They tell Collins he has "soft eyes," 
Willis said, meaning he makes decisions too quickly.
"That's something easy that we can adjust," a hopeful Willis said.
Saturday's evidence suggests Collins was not ready to start games this season. It's a stark 
difference from Angeli, who had brief College Football Playoff experience and perfectly fits 
offensive coordinator Jeff Nixon's West Coast, RPO-heavy scheme.
You can't help but think back to when slot receiver Trebor Pe##a left Syracuse for Penn State 
in April, reportedly due to his lack of confidence in Collins. Maybe he was right. Collins 
needed another year of development. But that doesn't take away from how every domino 
around him simultaneously fell after he took the reins as SU's starter.
The offensive line hasn't improved. The secondary was easily dissected by two straight star 
quarterbacks in Duke's Darian Mensah and SMU's Kevin Jennings. Wide receiver Justus 
Ross-Simmons left Saturday's game on crutches. No one has emerged as a preeminent 
pass-rushing threat. Linebacker depth is sparse outside of Antoine Deslauriers. The 
offense went a whole eight quarters without scoring a touchdown, something Syracuse 
hadn't done since ####.
And that's just the players. Even Brown - who rarely bashes his players or colleagues 
publicly - had some harsh words for his coordinators after losing to SMU. Brown said 
Robinson didn't call the right plays in the first half, and he himself requested certain 
concepts to be involved in SU's game plan, which he said weren't implemented until the 
second half. He also suggested he'd talk to Nixon again about dialing up more runs for 
Willis.
"I gotta go back and handle some stuff with our staff," Brown said.

Fran Brown shouts to his players during SU's loss to Duke on Sept. ##. Despite Syracuse 
losing its last two games by ## combined points, Brown is hopeful his team is trending in 
the right direction. Leonardo Eriman # Photo Editor
Willis also said he noticed momentum-shifting plays like failed fourth-down conversions 
"shift the energy with the team" more than usual. The sophomore tailback thought the 
Orange could have been mentally tougher against the Mustangs.
"That's something that we need to get over. When things aren't going our way, how are we 
going to respond to that#" Willis said. "And putting our heads down and getting sad about it, 
that's not how we're supposed to go about it. We need that energy like, 'C'mon, when we 
get in the red zone again, we gonna go score.'"
Willis' first year of college football was in ####, when Syracuse completed multiple 
comeback victories, including making up an ##-point deficit against Virginia Tech last 
November.
But it's easier to respond when you have the horses who can. This year's group is not nearly 
as talented as last year's. The Orange lost McCord, Oronde Gadsden II, LeQuint Allen Jr., 
Marlowe Wax, Justin Barron, Alijah Clark, Fadil Diggs and more to the NFL. They were as 
close as it gets to a superteam for SU football. And their bond was tight-knit.
"I feel like that's the part that we're missing," Willis said. "Last year, I feel like that's what we 
had. We had a great team bond. With the situation with Steve going down, and Rickie 
coming up, I feel like we all need to rebuild that #bond# again."
Brown, who's very outspoken about setting a yearly National Championship standard at 
Syracuse, said it'll take time for SU's young roster to turn into winners. He said over ## true 
freshmen saw the field against SMU. Brown admitted it's natural how the Orange took a 
step back this season, given their roster construction, a sentiment he feels is true whether 
Angeli or Collins plays quarterback.
"We'll take some shots now, we'll take our licks," Brown said. "And then you guys will be 
smiling, we'll all laugh at it, and eventually you're gonna flip around, and I'm not gonna say, 
'I told you so.' But I'll just say that it's a part of building the culture with a lot of young 
football players."
Syracuse's #### season is in grave danger. While Angeli's void is too large for Collins or 
even a non-quarterback to fill, he still showed in just over three and a half games that the 
sky is the limit for SU with him under center.
So, even if the Orange wind up missing a bowl game this year, those in central New York can 
mark their calendars for August #### - when Syracuse's lead buffalo, Angeli, makes his 
return along with what will be a deeper team around him.
When that day comes, Brown's herd will go back to stampeding their competition.
DALLAS - Fran Brown believes Yasin Willis needs the rock in his hands early and often for 
Syracuse to win football games. The sophomore tailback packs a punch, standing at #-foot-
#, ### pounds, and is known for wearing opposing defenses down with his bruising running 
style.
But Willis only tallied ## carries last week when SU was demolished by Duke ##-#. He 
began the day by electrifying the JMA Wireless Dome on a ##-yard rush where he hurdled 
Blue Devils safety Caleb Weaver. Due to Syracuse's massive deficit, Willis barely touched 
the ball afterward, which his head coach found unacceptable.
"We got to give Yasin the ball," Brown said bluntly last Saturday. "He needs the football."
Against SMU, Willis' day again started with him jumping over a defender on a ##-yard carry, 
a play that caused patrons at Gerald J. Ford Stadium to gasp in unison. Willis got seven 
carries on SU's opening drive. Across its next three possessions, though, Syracuse 
offensive coordinator Jeff Nixon only called three run plays for Willis.
All three of those drives were followed by scoring drives from the Mustangs# field goal, 
touchdown, touchdown. The Orange, meanwhile, had no points. By then, Brown's words 
were rendered meaningless - they had to abandon the ground game once again.
"It's a team game# whether I'm getting the ball or not, I feel like we still should just be 
making plays," Willis said postgame. "Of course, I play a big part in the offense. But I can 
only do so much."
Nearly half of Willis' carries Saturday came on the first drive as Syracuse ##-#, #-# Atlantic 
Coast# lost to SMU ##-#, #-# ACC# ##-##. SU quarterback Rickie Collins struggled again, 
completing ##-of-## passes for ### yards, one touchdown and three interceptions. The 
Orange's defense allowed Mustangs quarterback Kevin Jennings to pick it apart en route to 
a ###-yard, four-touchdown day. SU went #-of-# on fourth-downs. And, for the second 
straight contest, it couldn't score a first-half touchdown.
It's Syracuse's first time dropping back-to-back games in the Brown era.
The Orange are now #-# without quarterback Steve Angeli, who tore his Achilles in their 
Week # win over Clemson.
"I know we're better than what we're displaying," Collins said. "#The# defense played a great 
first half. #We've# got to help them."
With the inexperienced Collins taking over for Angeli, establishing the run is paramount for 
Syracuse to take pressure off its backup quarterback. The Orange were incinerated last 
week when Duke made them one-dimensional. They quickly entered desperation mode 
this week when trailing ##-# in the first half. Nixon almost exclusively relied on Collins the 
rest of the way.
Willis, the state of New Jersey's former No. ## recruit in the #### class, totaled just ## 
rushes for ## yards - ## of which came on the first drive - and never found the end zone. 
He's not one to actively call for more touches, however. Willis feels the Orange simply need 
to execute Nixon's play calls. Right now, they're not doing that.
"I'm not about to put everything on me and say that they need to give me the ball more," 
Willis said. "We got other guys on the field that are playmakers. We just gotta learn how to 
put it together."
Brown gave a different perspective. He didn't shy away from blaming both himself and his 
offensive and defensive coordinators# Nixon and Elijah Robinson.
Brown said he didn't like the defensive playcalling in the first half. Brown had specific plays 
and schemes he wanted Robinson to run, but he said those concepts were never 
implemented until the second half. He also thought Willis needed more touches. Though 
he recognized Syracuse's large deficit forced it into more passing situations, he said all he 
can do is provide Nixon with playcalling suggestions and that he doesn't run the offense.
"I gotta go back and handle some stuff with our staff," Brown said.

Yasin Willis runs with a full head of steam on Saturday versus SMU. Despite Brown wanting 
to give Willis more carries and SU's offense starting strong against the Mustangs, Willis 
rushed for just ## yards on ## carries. Courtesy of Scott Trimble # Syracuse.com
At the end of the first half Saturday, SU had gone seven straight quarters without a 
touchdown. No touchdowns in the third made it eight straight quarters, which hadn't 
happened to Syracuse since November ####.
Its first touchdown of the day came with #### remaining in the fourth via a Collins six-yard 
rushing score. Collins also hit Johntay Cook in the back of the end zone for an ##-yard 
touchdown with just over five minutes remaining.
Too little, too late.
"We didn't put the kids in the right position in the first half," Brown said. "In the second half, 
#when we# put them more in better positions, you see differences."
Syracuse generated some early momentum after starting the game by forcing an SMU punt, 
which Wade McSparron shanked ## yards to provide the Orange with prime real estate. 
Collins and Co. began their first drive at the Mustangs' ##-yard line.
Once Syracuse got inside the ##, it ran six plays - all runs - without Collins attempting a 
pass. The Orange ended the drive with no points after Collins was stopped on a fourth-
down quarterback sneak.
On SU's next drive, Nixon dialed up a pass play, but Collins stared down tight end Dan 
Villari on his right side and threw the ball into the outstretched arms of SMU linebacker 
Brandon Miyazono. It marked Collins' second straight game throwing a first-quarter 
interception.
The Orange held the Mustangs to a field goal. But after Syracuse's third drive resulted in a 
Jack Stonehouse punt, the wheels fell off.
SMU scored on three consecutive possessions, all of which ended in Jennings touchdown 
passes. The quarterback racked up ### yards and three scores in the first half amid little 
pressure from Syracuse's front seven.
Meanwhile, SU's offense kept failing on fourth down. Mustangs safety Isaiah Nwokobia 
tackled Willis for no gain on a fourth-and-# just shy of midfield early in the second quarter. 
And late in the first half, on another fourth-and-short with Syracuse in the red zone down 
##-#, Collins missed a wide-open Willis in the flat on what would have been a ##-yard 
receiving touchdown.
SMU scored six plays later.
"It's just those little things," Willis said of SU's offensive struggles. "Fourth-and-## Us not 
getting that is unacceptable."
"I got to take the coaching. I got to do better," Collins added.
The unofficial nail in SU's coffin came with #### on the clock in the third quarter when 
Collins stood in the pocket with his hands on his helmet. He was reacting to the throw he'd 
just made where he tossed a ball past the outstretched arms of wide receiver Darrell Gill Jr., 
who was wide open.
It would've been a walk-in ##-yard touchdown. Instead, the Orange went three and out and 
punted for a third straight time - an avalanche of offensive shortcomings that started 
when Syracuse stopped handing the ball to Willis.
For the first time under second-year head coach Fran Brown, Syracuse is on a losing streak. 
The Orange responded from a ##-point home shellacking against Duke with a ##-point loss 
in Dallas to SMU.
Here are position-group grades from Syracuse's ##-## defeat to the Mustangs#
Quarterback# C
Rickie Collins reached the end zone twice and totaled over ### yards. The issue# He tallied 
three interceptions en route to his second straight loss as the starting quarterback. Collins 
showed some improvements from last week but still has plenty of work to do.
Early on, the Orange showed a clear identity that involved Collins handing the ball off over 
double the amount of times he dropped back to throw. When they did allow him to pass, 
Collins stared down his receivers, and SMU's defenders acted accordingly.
Collins used his legs more versus the Mustangs, resulting in ## rushing yards. He also 
ripped some impressive throws through the middle of the field to Justus Ross-Simmons 
and Johntay Cook. But as quality control coach and offensive specialist Josh Gattis ripped 
into Collins on the sideline, it was representative of another poor display for the 
quarterback.
Running back# C#
Based on the first drive of the game, one would think the running backs shined to an 
excellent grade. But Yasin Willis finished with only ## carries and an average of #.# yards 
per carry, forcing SU's offense into another spiral.
Will Nixon was effective through the air with three receptions for ## yards, but outside of 
that, he didn't help much either on the ground with seven rushes for ## yards.
It's hard to blame Willis for a poor performance, considering his lack of opportunity. At this 
point, it appears that once SU falls into a deficit, the running game is largely forgotten. 
Brown continues to speak on wanting to get Willis the ball more, but his words don't seem 
to match offensive coordinator Jeff Nixon's actions. As a result, the running backs suffer.
Receiver#Tight End# B
Ross-Simmons' expected absence going forward could throw a wrench into the success of 
this unit. But if anyone did their jobs in Dallas, it was Syracuse's wide receivers and tight 
ends.
Tight end Dan Villari was a net positive for SU. He became a security blanket for Collins 
with five catches for ## yards. All six of his targets came between the numbers, per Pro 
Football Focus. His usage in a wildcat formation to move the sticks was also effective.
Johntay Cook II continues to look like a star with seven receptions for ## yards and a 
touchdown - the first touchdown for the Orange in eight quarters. It wasn't nearly enough, 
and Ross-Simmons missing time could bring more attention to Cook.
Offensive line# B-
Syracuse's offensive line came out with vengeance in the first half, moving SMU's 
defenders to create holes for Willis to dart through. The unit eventually fell apart in short-
yardage situations, which ultimately derailed the offensive progression.
Right tackle Da'Metrius Weatherspoon, center Austin Collins and left guard TJ Ferguson 
played all ## offensive snaps. Collins and Ferguson each earned pass-blocking grades over 
##, according to PFF. Backup left tackle Naquil Betrand did, too.
SU's quarterback was only sacked twice. He was kept clean on ##-of-## dropbacks. This 
game wasn't on the offensive line. Though there are certainly ways the unit could help the 
offense more.
Defensive line# D#
The Orange are halfway through their #### campaign. They've picked up just three sacks 
from defensive linemen, with a half-sack coming from hybrid linebacker David Reese. 
Saturday was yet another day with no sacks for the unit.
SMU quarterback Kevin Jennings was wheeling and dealing all afternoon. He was kept 
clean on ##.## of his ## dropbacks, allowing for a career-high four touchdowns and ## 
completions on ## attempts.
The Mustangs didn't run the ball much and were held to just #.# yards per carry. That's 
an improvement from a week ago. SU also induced a safety late in the contest with David 
Omopariola making an impressive tackle. But two points don't make up for a game - and 
season - worth of poor play.
Linebackers# C-
Jennings' ability to move out of the pocket and keep Syracuse's linebackers honest became 
apparent from the opening snap to the final possessions when the game was already 
wrapped up. Antoine Deslauriers and Gary Bryant III each recorded tackles for loss and 
over five tackles each. But it was the linebacker corps' play in coverage that hurt it.
Derek McDonald didn't play again, and as a result, Anwar Sparrow and James Heard 
earned plenty of reps. Sparrow was burned in coverage multiple times, as was Heard Jr., 
miscommunicating with his defensive backs.
Jamie Tremble tallied his second sack of the season. His presence has added physicality to 
the linebacker unit, but it feels more like a hit or miss than a consistent threat.
Secondary# C
This was not the finest hour for SU's secondary. Just as Jennings did to the linebackers, he 
kept the defensive backs off balance. Davien Kerr notched a late interception to keep the 
game in reach. But early in the contest, he was burnt in the slot to produce the Mustangs' 
first touchdown.
SMU's second score was a clear miscommunication between Heard and Berry Buxton III in 
coverage. Braheem Long Jr., while recording eight tackles, missed a key one in space to 
allow the Mustangs' fourth touchdown and ##-point lead.
Since Devin Grant's excellent game at Clemson, he's been near-nonexistent since. Duce 
Chesnut played only ## snaps and also didn't add much. The veterans must do more to 
complement the young stars. Just look at Demetres Samuel Jr. He allowed only three 
receptions on six targets, grading at a team-high ##.#.
Special teams# B
SU's special teams didn't have much opportunity again. Jack Stonehouse slammed four 
punts for ##.# yards on average. Tripp Woody made his only field goal attempt from ## 
yards out. A Jadyn Oh onside kick attempt was nearly placed to perfection.
With SU's offense reeling, it could use a big play on the punt or kick return. Though Brown is 
advising kick returners to let the ball go for a touchback. And punt returners have called for 
a fair catch nearly every time. This unit didn't add much. But it didn't hurt the Orange either.
Coaching# C-
A second straight loss for this coaching staff is rarified air. It showed repeated mistakes, 
something we've yet to see much in Brown's tenure. Despite a clear desire to feed Willis, 
Syracuse didn't do it nearly enough.
There was also a lack of creativity on short-yardage and goal-line plays in the first quarter, 
forcing multiple turnovers on downs despite Brown's aggressiveness. Defensively, a tempo 
offense with a semi-mobile quarterback was far too much to handle. Sound familiar# That's 
because the same formula worked against the Orange the week prior.
This is the most Brown and Co. have been battle-tested yet. They've already matched last 
year's loss total. Their backup quarterback isn't prepared yet to be the starter. And the 
Orange enter their first bye week with more issues to fix.


